Reword and add uniformity to Standard Library documentation (#4464)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/stdlib/numbers.rst

    :index: int integer

>     Represents a 16-bit signed integer.

Reviewer: I would either revert all of these or replace the "Represents a..." preamble of each with "A type for representing..."

>     The value of an :eql:type:`int16` ranges from ``-32768`` to ``+32767``
>     (inclusive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :eql:type:`int16` is capable of representing values from ``-32768`` to
    ``+32767``, inclusive.
```

The change could be read to mean that one value of the type covers that entire range. This better represents that the type is _capable_ of representing values within the range.

Recommend propagating this phrasing across all the types' ranges.

    A 16-bit signed integer.

    :eql:type:`int16` is capable of representing values from ``-32768`` to

>     ``+32767``, inclusive.

Reviewer 2: The format for saying "inclusive" should be consistent across the descriptions here. I suggest that all of them should just use parentheses.
```suggestion
    ``+32767`` (inclusive).
```

    :index: numeric bigint

    Represents an arbitrary precision integer.

>     In EdgeDB, the philosophy of :eql:type:`bigint` is that using this type
>     should be an explicit opt-in and not implicit. Once used, these values
>     should not be accidentally casted to a different numerical type that gives
>     less precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Our philosophy is that use of :eql:type:`bigint` should be an explicit
    opt-in and never implicit. Once used, these values should not be
    accidentally cast to a different numerical type that would lead to a loss of
    precision.
```

>     In addition with this, :ref:`our mathematical functions <ref_std_math>`
>     are designed to keep separation between big integer values and the
>     rest of our numerical types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In keeping with this philosophy,
    :ref:`our mathematical functions <ref_std_math>`
    are designed to maintain separation between big integer values and the rest
    of our numeric types.
```

- "In addition with" changes the meaning here The way our functions work _maintains_ the philosophy rather than being additive to it.
- Reverted "numerical" to "numeric" since it's not adding any clarification here

    All of the following types can be explicitly cast into a
    :eql:type:`bigint` type:

    - :eql:type:`str`
    - :eql:type:`json`
    - :eql:type:`int16`
    - :eql:type:`int32`
    - :eql:type:`int64`
    - :eql:type:`float32`
    - :eql:type:`float64`
    - :eql:type:`decimal`

>     A :eql:type:`bigint` literal is also an integer literal, followed by
>     ``n``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A :eql:type:`bigint` literal is an integer literal, followed by ``n``:
```

I don't think "also" makes sense here.

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

        db> select 42n is bigint;
        {true}

    To represent really big integers, it is possible to use the
    exponent notation (e.g. ``1e20n`` instead of ``100000000000000000000n``)

>     so as long as the exponent is positive and there is no dot anywhere:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as long as the exponent is positive and there is no dot anywhere:
```

    .. note::

>         Caution is advised when casting :eql:type:`bigint` values into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Use caution when casting :eql:type:`bigint` values into
```

        :eql:type:`json`. The JSON specification does not have a limit on

>         significant digits, so a big integer number can be losslessly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        significant digits, so a :eql:type:`bigint` number can be losslessly
```

"big integer" feels generic, where `bigint` refers to the type. I think the latter is what we want here.

        represented in JSON. However, JSON decoders in many languages

>         will read all such numbers as some kind of 32 or 64-bit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        will read all such numbers as some kind of 32-bit or 64-bit
```

I'm with you in not being crazy about the dangling hyphen, but at the same time, this change disconnects "32" from "bit." Let's get around it by being a little more verbose.

    :index: numeric float

    Represents any number of arbitrary precision.

>     In EdgeDB, the philosophy of :eql:type:`bigint` is that using this type
>     should be an explicit opt-in and not implicit. Once used, these values
>     should not be accidentally casted to a different numerical type that gives
>     less precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Our philosophy is that use of :eql:type:`decimal` should always be an
    explicit opt-in and should never be implicit. Once used, these values
    should not be accidentally cast to a different numerical type that could
    lead to a loss of precision.
```

>     In addition to this, :ref:`our mathematical functions <ref_std_math>`
>     are designed to keep separation between decimal values and the rest of
>     our numerical types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In keeping with this philosophy,
    :ref:`our mathematical functions <ref_std_math>`
    are designed to maintain separation between decimal values and the rest of
    our numeric types.
```

    .. note::

>         Caution is advised when casting :eql:type:`decimal` values into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Use caution when casting :eql:type:`decimal` values into
```

        :eql:type:`json`. The JSON specification does not have a limit on

>         significant digits, so a decimal number can be losslessly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        significant digits, so a :eql:type:`decimal` number can be losslessly
```

    :index: unary minus subtract

>     Performs a logical negation of an arthimetic, arbitrarily numerical value:

Reviewer: @vpetrovykh Can you speak to the accuracy of this one? It feels off, but I'm not sure.

    :index: unary minus subtract

>     Negates the value of a number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Produces the arithmetic negative of a number.
```

    :index: floor divide division

>     Performs a floor based divison between two arbitrary numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Performs floor-based division between two arbitrary numbers.
```

>     The result of this operation is rounded down to its nearest integer.
>     It is the equivalent to using regular division and then applying
>     :eql:func:`math::floor` to the result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In floor-based division, the result of a standard division operation is
    rounded down to its nearest integer. It is the equivalent to using regular
    division and then applying :eql:func:`math::floor` to the result.
```

- The result of this operation has already been rounded, so I attempted to clarify the first sentence to read that the result of this is the rounded down result of standard division.
- Removed the colon since the following code block is not introduced by this sentence in particular. We could add "Examples:" if you want, but I think it will be understood without that.

        db> select -10 // 4;
        {-3}

>     This also works on :eql:type:`float <anyfloat>`, :eql:type:`bigint` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Floor-based division works with integers as shown in the examples above,
    but it also works on :eql:type:`float <anyfloat>`, :eql:type:`bigint`, and
```

        db> select 37 // 11;
        {3}

>     Regular division, floor division and :eql:op:`%<mod>` operations are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Regular division, floor division, and :eql:op:`%<mod>` operations are
```

    :index: modulo mod division

>     Retrieves the remainder from a division operation. (modulo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the remainder after division of the operands.
    
    This is commonly referred to as a "modulo" operation.

```
- It doesn't ring true to me that this result is "retrieved" from anywhere, so I changed to "Returns."
- Removed "operation" because it implies that the user might have to perform a division operation somehow. This happens transparently to the user, so we'll just refer to the arithmetic concept of "division" instead.
- We should mention "modulo," but I think it belongs in detail rather than in the one-liner, since the one-liner conveys what this does without it.

>     This is also the remainder from floor division. Just as is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is the remainder from floor division. Just as is
```

>     the case with the :eql:op:`//<floordiv>` operator, the resulting type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the case with the :eql:op:`//<floordiv>` operator, the result type of
```

- "resulting type" implies the result _is_ a type. The type of the result or "result type" is what we are talking about here.

>     the remainder operator corresponds to the left operand's type:

Reviewer: `select 5 % 1.0 is typeof 5;` gives me `false` which leads me to believe this isn't entirely accurate. The original phrasing doesn't ring true either given that. @vpetrovykh, would it be accurate to say "the result type from the remainder operator is **derived from** the types of its operands?"

        db> select 37 % 11;
        {4}

>     In regular division, the :eql:op:`//<floordiv>` and :eql:op:`%<mod>`
>     operators are related in the following way:
>     ``A // B  =  (A - (A % B)) / B``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Regular division, :eql:op:`//<floordiv>` operations, and :eql:op:`%<mod>`
    operations are related in the following way:
    ``A // B  =  (A - (A % B)) / B``.
```

This changes the meaning in a way that doesn't capture the original intent.

    :index: power pow

>     Performs a power (exponential) operation by two arbitrary numbers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Produces the value of the left operand raised to the power of the right one.
```

Wanted to clarify this a bit. Took inspiration from [the Python docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html#pow).

                  std::round(value: decimal) -> decimal
                  std::round(value: decimal, d: int64) -> decimal

>     Returns a number from ``value`` rounded by its nearest integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the given number rounded to its nearest value.
```

Reworded since rounding doesn't always result in an integer. (See the last signature.)

    There's a difference in how ties (which way ``0.5`` is rounded)

>     are handled depending on the type of the inputted ``value``.

Reviewer: Rewrite this paragraph as
```rest
    The function will round a ``.5`` value differently depending on the type of
    the parameter passed.
```

        db> select round(2.5n);
        {3n}

>     Additionally, when rounding a :eql:type:`decimal` value, an
>     optional argument ``d`` may be provided to further specify what decimal
>     point the value must to be rounded to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, when rounding a :eql:type:`decimal` value, you may pass the
    optional argument *d* to specify the precision of the rounded result:
```

                  std::bit_and(l: int32, r: int32) -> int32
                  std::bit_and(l: int64, r: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of a bitwise AND operator for two integers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of a bitwise AND operation for two integers.
```

                  std::bit_or(l: int32, r: int32) -> int32
                  std::bit_or(l: int64, r: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of a bitwise OR operator for two integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of a bitwise OR operation for two integers.
```

                  std::bit_xor(l: int32, r: int32) -> int32
                  std::bit_xor(l: int64, r: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of an exclusive, bitwise OR operator for two integers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of an exclusive bitwise OR operation for two integers.
```

The comma may be grammatically correct (not sure), but after surveying some other documentation, the convention seems to be to omit the comma when referring to exclusive bitwise operations.

                  std::bit_not(r: int32) -> int32
                  std::bit_not(r: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of a bitwise negation operator for two integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of a bitwise negation operation for two integers.
```

                  std::bit_lshift(val: int32, n: int64) -> int32
                  std::bit_lshift(val: int64, n: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of a bitwise left-shift operator for two integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of a bitwise left-shift operation on an integer.
```

Even though there are two integers passed, it doesn't make sense to characterize this as an operation "for two integers" since the second only defines the number of bits to shift.

>     The integer of ``val`` is shifted by ``n`` bits to the left. The rightmost
>     added bits are all ``0``. Shifting an integer by a number of bits larger
>     than the bit size of the integer results in ``0``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The integer *val* is shifted by *n* bits to the left. The rightmost added
    bits are all ``0``. Shifting an integer by a number of bits greater than the
    bit size of the integer results in ``0``.
```

        db> select bit_lshift(123, 65);
        {0}

>     It is possible to affect the sign bit by left-shifting an integer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Left-shifting an integer can change the sign bit:
```

        db> select bit_lshift(123, 4);
        {1968}

>     An exception will be raised when attempting to shift by a negative number
>     of bits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    EdgeDB will raise an exception if you attempt to shift by a negative number
    of bits:
```

                  std::bit_rshift(val: int32, n: int64) -> int32
                  std::bit_rshift(val: int64, n: int64) -> int64

>     Returns the result of a bitwise right-shift operator for
>     two integers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns the result of a bitwise right-shift operator on an integer.
```

>     The integer of ``val`` is shifted by ``n`` bits to the right. In the
>     arithmetic, right-shifting the sign is preserved. This means that the
>     leftmost added bits are ``1`` or ``0`` depending on the sign bit.
>     Shifting an integer by a number of bits larger than the bit size of the
>     integer results in ``0`` for positive numbers and ``-1`` for negative
>     numbers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The integer *val* is shifted by *n* bits to the right. In the arithmetic
    right shift, the sign is preserved. This means that the leftmost added bits
    are ``1`` or ``0`` depending on the sign bit. Shifting an integer by a
    number of bits greater than the bit size of the integer results in ``0``
    for positive numbers or ``-1`` for negative numbers.
```

Some of the meaning was altered in this change. Restored and reworded.

        db> select bit_rshift(-123, 4);
        {-8}

>     An exception will be raised when attempting to shift by a negative number
>     of bits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    EdgeDB will raise an exception if you attempt to shift by a negative number
    of bits:
```

    :index: parse bigint

>     Returns a :eql:type:`bigint` value from ``s`` with a possible format of
>     ``fmt``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns a :eql:type:`bigint` value parsed from the given string.
    
    The function will use an optional format string passed as *fmt*. See the 
    :ref:`number formatting options <ref_std_converters_number_fmt>` for help
    writing a format string.
```

    .. code-block:: edgeql-repl

> 

Reviewer: If you accept the above suggestion for lines 765-766, you can remove 774-776 since that information is already encapsulated in the new detail paragraph.
